[2.6] Add ContinuousTimetable to the scheduling guide (#2163)
astronomer/docs: learn/scheduling-in-airflow.md

- `next_dagrun_info`: Returns the data interval for the DAG's regular schedule
- `infer_manual_data_interval`: Returns the data interval when the DAG is manually triggered

> ### Continuous timetable

Author: Haha, it does have to be 1 actually I ran into that too with the same thought process, the error when you don't set it to 1 is very explicit:

```
Broken DAG: [/usr/local/airflow/dags/continuous_toy_dag.py] Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/usr/local/lib/python3.10/site-packages/airflow/models/dag.py", line 3555, in factory
    with DAG(
  File "/usr/local/lib/python3.10/site-packages/airflow/models/dag.py", line 558, in __init__
    raise AirflowException(
airflow.exceptions.AirflowException: Invalid max_active_runs: <class 'airflow.timetables.simple.ContinuousTimetable'> requires max_active_runs <= 1
```

> ### Continuous timetable

Reviewer: oh...I didn't realize it was limited to 1 DAG run at a time. In that case I made a few other minor suggestions.

> As of Airflow 2.6 you can run a DAG continuously using a pre-defined timetable. To use the [ContinuousTimetable](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/_api/airflow/timetables/simple/index.html#module-airflow.timetables.simple.ContinuousTimetable), set the schedule of your DAG to `"@continuous"` and make sure `max_active_runs` is set to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Airflow 2.6 you can run a DAG continuously using a pre-defined timetable. To use the [ContinuousTimetable](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/_api/airflow/timetables/simple/index.html#module-airflow.timetables.simple.ContinuousTimetable), set the schedule of your DAG to `"@continuous"` and set `max_active_runs` to 1.
```

```python
@dag(
    start_date=datetime(2023, 4, 18),
    schedule="@continuous",
    max_active_runs=1,  
    catchup=False,
)
```

> This DAG will run continuously by scheduling a new run as soon as the previous run has completed, regardless of whether the previous run succeeded or failed. Using a ContinuousTimetable is especially useful when [sensors](what-is-a-sensor.md) or [deferrable operators](deferrable-operators.md) are used to wait for highly irregular events in external data tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This schedule will create one continuous DAG run, with a new run starting as soon as the previous run has completed, regardless of whether the previous run succeeded or failed. Using a ContinuousTimetable is especially useful when [sensors](what-is-a-sensor.md) or [deferrable operators](deferrable-operators.md) are used to wait for highly irregular events in external data tools.
```

> This DAG will always be running and automatically scheduling its next run, whenever it has finished, irrespective of whether the DAG run succeeded or failed. Using a ContinuousTimetable is especially useful when [sensors](what-is-a-sensor.md) or [deferrable operators](deferrable-operators.md) are used to wait for highly irregular events in external data tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This DAG will run continuously by scheduling a new run as soon as the previous run has completed, regardless of whether the previous run succeeded or failed. Using a ContinuousTimetable is especially useful when [sensors](what-is-a-sensor.md) or [deferrable operators](deferrable-operators.md) are used to wait for highly irregular events in external data tools.
```

:::caution

> Be aware that Airflow should not be used for streaming or low-latency processes.

Author: 👍 I think it might make sense to link to the Kafka integration from here too?

> Be aware that Airflow should not be used for streaming or low-latency processes.

Reviewer: Sure, I think that makes sense

> Be aware that Airflow is designed to handle orchestration of data pipelines in batches and this feature is not intended to be used for streaming or low-latency processes. If you need to run pipelines more frequently than every minute, consider using Airflow in combination with tools designed specifically for that purpose like for example [Apache Kafka](airflow-kafka.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Airflow is designed to handle orchestration of data pipelines in batches, and this feature is not intended for streaming or low-latency processes. If you need to run pipelines more frequently than every minute, consider using Airflow in combination with tools designed specifically for that purpose like [Apache Kafka](airflow-kafka.md).
```
